com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/DisguisedCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.DisguisedCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/BlockPlatform.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.BlockPlatform
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/FatalDamageListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.FatalDamageListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/cmd/Arg.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.cmd.Arg
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/MagicSpellsBlockBreakEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.MagicSpellsBlockBreakEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/prompt/MagicRegexPrompt.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.prompt.MagicRegexPrompt
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/GeyserSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.GeyserSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.GeyserSpell$GeyserAnimation
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/PowerOperation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.PowerOperation
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ParticleCloudSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ParticleCloudSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OnLeashCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OnLeashCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/prompt/MagicFixedSetPrompt.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.prompt.MagicFixedSetPrompt
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/PitchAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.PitchAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/materials/MagicBlockAnyDataMaterial.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.MagicBlockAnyDataMaterial
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/SpellbookSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.SpellbookSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/BehindTargetCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.BehindTargetCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/itemreader/SkullHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.itemreader.SkullHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/SpellReagents.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.SpellReagents
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/HotBarListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.HotBarListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/DayCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.DayCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/itemreader/alternative/AlternativeReaderManager.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.itemreader.alternative.AlternativeReaderManager
com/nisovin/magicspells/caster/Caster.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.caster.Caster
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/TreeSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.TreeSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.TreeSpell$GrowAnimation
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.TreeSpell$GrowAnimation$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.TreeSpell$TreeWatch
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/VolatileCodeHandle.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeHandle
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/ScrollSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.ScrollSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.ScrollSpell$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/MultiSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.MultiSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.MultiSpell$Action
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.MultiSpell$ActionChance
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.MultiSpell$DelayedSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/InBlockCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.InBlockCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/MagicSpellsLoadingEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.MagicSpellsLoadingEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/SilenceSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SilenceSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SilenceSpell$CastListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SilenceSpell$ChatListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SilenceSpell$CommandListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SilenceSpell$Unsilencer
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/LastLifeLongerThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.LastLifeLongerThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/InstantSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.InstantSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/VariableMoreThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.VariableMoreThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/materials/MagicItemNameResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.MagicItemNameResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/BombSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.BombSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.BombSpell$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/IDisguiseManager.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.IDisguiseManager
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/MenuSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.MenuSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.MenuSpell$MenuOption
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/LifewalkSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.LifewalkSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.LifewalkSpell$Grower
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/YawBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.YawBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/BossBarManager_V1_8.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.BossBarManager_V1_8
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.BossBarManager_V1_8$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/BlockUtils.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.BlockUtils
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/FarmSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.FarmSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/LastLifeShorterThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.LastLifeShorterThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/ModifierSet.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierSet
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/ResetSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.ResetSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/AgeSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.AgeSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/HealthBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.HealthBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/Metrics.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$1$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$AdvancedBarChart
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$AdvancedMapChart
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$AdvancedPie
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$Country
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$CustomChart
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$MultiLineChart
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$SimpleBarChart
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$SimpleMapChart
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$SimplePie
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Metrics$SingleLineChart
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/VolatileCodeEnabled_1_9_R1.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_9_R1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_9_R1$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/CastListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.CastListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/SprintListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.SprintListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/EntombSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.EntombSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/LastDamageTypeCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.LastDamageTypeCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/ArmorSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.ArmorSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.ArmorSpell$ArmorListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/LightLevelAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.LightLevelAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/AngryEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.AngryEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/compat/nocheatplus/NoCheatPlusExemptionAid.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.compat.nocheatplus.NoCheatPlusExemptionAid
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/TakeDamageListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.TakeDamageListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/materials/ItemNameResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.ItemNameResolver
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.ItemNameResolver$ItemTypeAndData
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/WorldGuardStateFlagCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.WorldGuardStateFlagCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/PainSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.PainSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/PlayerLocationYValueResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.PlayerLocationYValueResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/RainingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.RainingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/SpellBeneficialCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.SpellBeneficialCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/SpellCastEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.SpellCastEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/ManaListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ManaListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/BlueSparkleEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.BlueSparkleEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/TransmuteSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.TransmuteSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ExplodeSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ExplodeSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/FoodAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.FoodAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OpenSlotsMoreThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OpenSlotsMoreThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/PotionEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.PotionEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/CaptureSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.CaptureSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/RidingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.RidingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/WindglideSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.WindglideSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.WindglideSpell$GlideMonitor
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/prompt/PromptType.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.prompt.PromptType
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.prompt.PromptType$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.prompt.PromptType$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.prompt.PromptType$3
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/CoordPitchVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.CoordPitchVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/SpellTypesAllowed.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.SpellTypesAllowed
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerLargeFireball.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerLargeFireball
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/CastItem.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.CastItem
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/VolatileCodeEnabled_1_11_R1.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_11_R1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_11_R1$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/ReceivingRSWeakerThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.ReceivingRSWeakerThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/ExpressionResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.ExpressionResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/MagicXpBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.MagicXpBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/CastAtSubCommand.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.CastAtSubCommand
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/RemoveMarksSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.RemoveMarksSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/DistanceMoreThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.DistanceMoreThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/ManaSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ManaSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/GlideListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.GlideListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerEgg.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerEgg
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/PlayerLocationZValueResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.PlayerLocationZValueResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/GlidingUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.GlidingUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerFireball.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerFireball
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/ExperienceLevelVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.ExperienceLevelVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerSplashPotion.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerSplashPotion
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/HomingMissileSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.HomingMissileSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.HomingMissileSpell$MissileTracker
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagers.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagers
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/WindwalkSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.WindwalkSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.WindwalkSpell$HeightMonitor
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.WindwalkSpell$SneakListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/DurabilityMoreThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.DurabilityMoreThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/ItemProjectileSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ItemProjectileSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ItemProjectileSpell$ItemProjectile
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/VelocityXVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.VelocityXVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/MountSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.MountSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/OrbitSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.OrbitSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.OrbitSpell$ParticleTracker
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/EntitySilenceSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.EntitySilenceSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/ManaChangeEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.ManaChangeEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/SlimeSizeSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SlimeSizeSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/AliveLessThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.AliveLessThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ForcetossSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ForcetossSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/ItemSerializeSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.ItemSerializeSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerWitherSkull.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerWitherSkull
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/SaturationAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.SaturationAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/StunSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.StunSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.StunSpell$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.StunSpell$StunListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.StunSpell$StunMonitor
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.StunSpell$StunnedInfo
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/MagicSpellsBlockPlaceEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.MagicSpellsBlockPlaceEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/TeleportSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.TeleportSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/EntityData.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.EntityData
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.EntityData$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/DeathListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.DeathListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/RandomSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.RandomSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.RandomSpell$RandomOptionSet
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.RandomSpell$SpellOption
com/nisovin/magicspells/mana/ManaHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.mana.ManaHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OxygenBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OxygenBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/SkinSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SkinSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManager.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManager
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/GateSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.GateSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/TimeSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.TimeSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/AbstractWorldGuardFlagCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.AbstractWorldGuardFlagCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/ExplosionEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.ExplosionEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/UndisguiseSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.UndisguiseSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/mana/ManaChangeReason.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.mana.ManaChangeReason
com/nisovin/magicspells/zones/NoMagicZoneManager.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.zones.NoMagicZoneManager
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/DurabilityLessThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.DurabilityLessThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ConversationSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ConversationSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/BossBarManager_V1_9.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.BossBarManager_V1_9
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/cmd/ArgPlayerName.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.cmd.ArgPlayerName
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/SpellCastListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.SpellCastListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/JoinListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.JoinListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/CraftSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.CraftSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ext/PlaceholderAPIDataSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ext.PlaceholderAPIDataSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/CraftListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.CraftListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/IMagicSpellsCompatEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.IMagicSpellsCompatEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/SoundUtils.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.SoundUtils
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/HeartsEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.HeartsEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/MessageBlocker.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MessageBlocker
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MessageBlocker$PacketListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/ModifierType.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$10
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$11
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$12
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$12$CustomData
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$13
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$13$CustomData
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$14
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$3
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$4
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$5
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$6
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$7
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$8
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ModifierType$9
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/DistanceLessThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.DistanceLessThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/PickupItemListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.PickupItemListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/DivisionOperation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.DivisionOperation
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/ActionBarTextEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.ActionBarTextEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/FrostwalkSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.FrostwalkSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/VariableMatchesCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.VariableMatchesCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/BlockBreakEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.BlockBreakEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/ProjectileSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ProjectileSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ProjectileSpell$EggListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ProjectileSpell$EnderTpListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ProjectileSpell$ItemProjectileMonitor
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ProjectileSpell$PickupListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ProjectileSpell$PotionListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ProjectileSpell$ProjectileInfo
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ProjectileSpell$ProjectileListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ProjectileSpell$ProjectileMonitor
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ProjectileSpell$RegularProjectileMonitor
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/ReachSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.ReachSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/ConfusionSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ConfusionSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/LevelBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.LevelBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/InvisibilitySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.InvisibilitySpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.InvisibilitySpell$CostCharger
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.InvisibilitySpell$SpellCastListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/ConjureBookSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ConjureBookSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/itemreader/LoreHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.itemreader.LoreHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/SubtractionOperation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.SubtractionOperation
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/ColorUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ColorUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/RewindSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.RewindSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.RewindSpell$ForceRewinder
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.RewindSpell$Rewinder
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/ValidTargetList.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ValidTargetList
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ValidTargetList$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ValidTargetList$TargetingElement
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/DistanceToVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.DistanceToVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/SpellType.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.SpellType
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/itemreader/PotionHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.itemreader.PotionHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/Util_1_9.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Util_1_9
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/MagicXpAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.MagicXpAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/SoundEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SoundEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/ReceivingRSStrongerThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.ReceivingRSStrongerThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/MagicChatListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.MagicChatListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/MagicConfig.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MagicConfig
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/BlockingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.BlockingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/EntityTypeCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.EntityTypeCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/MoneyMoreThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.MoneyMoreThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/SaturationVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.SaturationVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/VolatileCodeEnabled_1_10_R1.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_10_R1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_10_R1$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/PlayerNameUtils.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.PlayerNameUtils
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/PassiveSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.PassiveSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/MagicLogger.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.MagicLogger
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/BigSmokeEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.BigSmokeEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/TitleEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.TitleEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/ExternalCommandSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.ExternalCommandSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.ExternalCommandSpell$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.ExternalCommandSpell$DelayedCommand
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ResourcePackSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ResourcePackSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OnBlockCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OnBlockCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/TeachSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.TeachSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/TestForBlockCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.TestForBlockCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/itemreader/alternative/ItemConfigTransformer.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.itemreader.alternative.ItemConfigTransformer
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/NameCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.NameCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/HealthScaleVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.HealthScaleVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/GriefPreventionIsOwnerCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.GriefPreventionIsOwnerCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/DisarmSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DisarmSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DisarmSpell$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/CompassTargetYVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.CompassTargetYVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/SneakListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.SneakListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/FallingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.FallingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/OverridePriority.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.OverridePriority
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/FoodLevelVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.FoodLevelVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/StonevisionSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.StonevisionSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.StonevisionSpell$TransparentBlockSet
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/CompassTargetZVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.CompassTargetZVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/InRegionCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.InRegionCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/EnchantSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.EnchantSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/MagicSpellsLoadedEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.MagicSpellsLoadedEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/FlightPathSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.FlightPathSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.FlightPathSpell$ActiveFlight
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.FlightPathSpell$FlightHandler
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.FlightPathSpell$FlightState
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/ChanneledSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.ChanneledSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/ConfigData.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ConfigData
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/ConfigDataSchema.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ConfigDataSchema
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/SteedSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.SteedSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/itemreader/NameHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.itemreader.NameHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/SpellPreImpactEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.SpellPreImpactEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/ThrowBlockSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ThrowBlockSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ThrowBlockSpell$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ThrowBlockSpell$FallingBlockInfo
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ThrowBlockSpell$ThrowBlockListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ThrowBlockSpell$ThrowBlockMonitor
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ThrowBlockSpell$TntListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/SpellEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SpellEffect
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SpellEffect$EffectTracker
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SpellEffect$OrbitTracker
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SpellEffect$SpellEffectActiveChecker
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerLingeringPotion.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerLingeringPotion
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/RicherThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.RicherThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ChainSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ChainSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ChainSpell$ChainBouncer
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/DisguiseManagerEmpty.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManagerEmpty
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/dynamicvalues/VariableDouble.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.dynamicvalues.VariableDouble
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/AbsorptionLessThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.AbsorptionLessThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/PowerGreaterThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.PowerGreaterThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/RoarSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.RoarSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/MoonPhaseCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.MoonPhaseCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OverBlockCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OverBlockCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/TargetedSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.TargetedSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/GlidingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.GlidingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/SpellCastedListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.SpellCastedListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/SaturationLevelValueResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.SaturationLevelValueResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/AbsoluteValueOperation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.AbsoluteValueOperation
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/ImbueSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.ImbueSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.ImbueSpell$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/PortalSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.PortalSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.PortalSpell$PortalLink
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.PortalSpell$PortalLink$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/ReflectSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.ReflectSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/LeaveBedListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.LeaveBedListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ShearSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ShearSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/FirenovaSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.FirenovaSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.FirenovaSpell$FirenovaAnimation
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/VinesSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.VinesSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.VinesSpell$VineAnimation
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.VinesSpell$VineBlock
com/nisovin/magicspells/materials/MagicItemAnyDataMaterial.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.MagicItemAnyDataMaterial
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/DestroySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DestroySpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DestroySpell$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DestroySpell$FallingBlockListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DestroySpell$VelocityType
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/RotationBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.RotationBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/PassiveTrigger.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.PassiveTrigger
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/FireTicksVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.FireTicksVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/ManaRegenSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.ManaRegenSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/SublistSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.SublistSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/ConsumeListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.ConsumeListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/RespawnListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.RespawnListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/BedCoordZVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.BedCoordZVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/DisguiseManager_1_9_R2.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_9_R2
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/UpTimeCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.UpTimeCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/BuffListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.BuffListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/NovaSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.NovaSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.NovaSpell$NovaTrackerCircle
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.NovaSpell$NovaTrackerSquare
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/SaturationBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.SaturationBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/prompt/MagicEnumSetPrompt.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.prompt.MagicEnumSetPrompt
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/CollisionSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.CollisionSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/AdditionOperation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.AdditionOperation
com/nisovin/magicspells/exception/MagicException.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.exception.MagicException
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/FlyingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.FlyingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/CloudEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.CloudEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/HasItemMoreThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.HasItemMoreThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/zones/NoMagicZoneCuboid.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.zones.NoMagicZoneCuboid
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/BeamSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.BeamSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.BeamSpell$Beam
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/AbsorptionMoreThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.AbsorptionMoreThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/mana/ManaSystem.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.mana.ManaSystem
 com.nisovin.magicspells.mana.ManaSystem$Regenerator
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/KeybindSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.KeybindSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.KeybindSpell$Keybinds
com/nisovin/magicspells/LifeLengthTracker.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.LifeLengthTracker
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerEnderPearl.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerEnderPearl
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/TxtUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.TxtUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/CanPickupItemsCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.CanPickupItemsCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/GlobalVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.GlobalVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/MagicSpellsEntityDamageByEntityEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.MagicSpellsEntityDamageByEntityEvent
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.MagicSpellsEntityDamageByEntityEvent$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ShadowstepSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ShadowstepSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/ConjureSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ConjureSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ConjureSpell$ExpirationHandler
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ConjureSpell$ExpirationResult
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/CoordYawVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.CoordYawVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/PowerEqualsCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.PowerEqualsCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/AdminTeachSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.AdminTeachSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.AdminTeachSpell$AdminTeachTask
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/ExperienceVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.ExperienceVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/bounds/Space.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.bounds.Space
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/PermissionSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.PermissionSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/BlockBreakListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.BlockBreakListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/FireworksEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.FireworksEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ParseSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ParseSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/MagicLocation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MagicLocation
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/WearingPreciseCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.WearingPreciseCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/WalkwaySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.WalkwaySpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.WalkwaySpell$Platform
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.WalkwaySpell$TeleportListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.WalkwaySpell$WalkwayListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/CompassTargetXVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.CompassTargetXVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/HelpSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.HelpSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/BuildSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.BuildSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/zones/NoMagicZoneResidence.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.zones.NoMagicZoneResidence
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/ListSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.ListSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/MagicSpells.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.MagicSpells
 com.nisovin.magicspells.MagicSpells$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.MagicSpells$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.MagicSpells$3
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/NightCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.NightCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/GripSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.GripSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/BossBarManager.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.BossBarManager
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/EnderSignalEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.EnderSignalEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/LeftClickBlockCoordListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.LeftClickBlockCoordListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/TargetMaxHealthGreaterThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.TargetMaxHealthGreaterThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/PulserSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.PulserSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.PulserSpell$Pulser
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.PulserSpell$PulserTicker
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/IModifier.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.IModifier
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/PotionEffectSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.PotionEffectSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/GlideSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.GlideSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/PluginEnabledCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.PluginEnabledCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/SpellCastStateCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.SpellCastStateCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerSnowball.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerSnowball
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/wrappers/NBTTagCompoundWrapper.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.wrappers.NBTTagCompoundWrapper
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/ItemCooldownEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.ItemCooldownEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/data/DataLivingEntity.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.data.DataLivingEntity
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/SummonSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SummonSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/compat/ExemptionAssistant.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.compat.ExemptionAssistant
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/DistanceToSquaredVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.DistanceToSquaredVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/LastDamageVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.LastDamageVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/TargetedLocationSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.TargetedLocationSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/RightClickBlockTypeListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.RightClickBlockTypeListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/DisguiseManagerLibsDisguises.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManagerLibsDisguises
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/VolatileCodeEnabled_1_8_R1.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_8_R1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_8_R1$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_8_R1$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_8_R1$3
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OnCooldownCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OnCooldownCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/RemainingAirVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.RemainingAirVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/IntMap.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.IntMap
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/OffsetLocationSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.OffsetLocationSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/ProxyCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.ProxyCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/SpellSelectionChangedEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.SpellSelectionChangedEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/ItemUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ItemUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/FlamewalkSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.FlamewalkSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.FlamewalkSpell$Burner
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/ForgetSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.ForgetSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerDragonFireball.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerDragonFireball
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/FireballSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.FireballSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.FireballSpell$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/cmd/ArgPlayerOfflineUuid.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.cmd.ArgPlayerOfflineUuid
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/BlinkSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.BlinkSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/InventoryUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.InventoryUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/MultiplicationOperation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.MultiplicationOperation
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/BedCoordYVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.BedCoordYVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/SpellTargetEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.SpellTargetEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ForcebombSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ForcebombSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/GreenSparkleEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.GreenSparkleEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OffhandCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OffhandCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/BoundingBox.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.BoundingBox
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/LightningSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.LightningSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.LightningSpell$ChargeOption
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/YawAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.YawAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/LevitateSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.LevitateSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.LevitateSpell$DamageListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.LevitateSpell$ItemSwitchListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.LevitateSpell$Levitator
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.LevitateSpell$SpellCastListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/itemreader/WrittenBookHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.itemreader.WrittenBookHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/BuffActiveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.BuffActiveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/LilywalkSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.LilywalkSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.LilywalkSpell$Lilies
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.LilywalkSpell$LilyListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.LilywalkSpell$TeleportListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/LocationSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.LocationSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OnSameTeamCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OnSameTeamCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/CoordYVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.CoordYVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/SpellCastedEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.SpellCastedEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/cmd/Allable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.cmd.Allable
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/wrappers/NBTTagListWrapper.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.wrappers.NBTTagListWrapper
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/LocationUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.LocationUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/prompt/MagicPromptResponder.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.prompt.MagicPromptResponder
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/VariableResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.VariableResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/VariableCastSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.VariableCastSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/ExperienceBarManager.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ExperienceBarManager
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/PowerLessThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.PowerLessThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/WaterwalkSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.WaterwalkSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.WaterwalkSpell$Ticker
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/CustomNameVisibilitySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.CustomNameVisibilitySpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/DummySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.DummySpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/compat/EventUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.compat.EventUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OxygenAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OxygenAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/SpellFilter.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.SpellFilter
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/InCuboidCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.InCuboidCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/HealthAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.HealthAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/WorldGuardRegionMembershipCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.WorldGuardRegionMembershipCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ZapSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ZapSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/ItemSprayEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.ItemSprayEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/ThunderingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.ThunderingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/EnterBedListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.EnterBedListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/MinimumOperation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.MinimumOperation
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/CarpetSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.CarpetSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.CarpetSpell$CarpetListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.CarpetSpell$TeleportListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/RightClickBlockCoordListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.RightClickBlockCoordListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/RandomSignResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.RandomSignResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/RecallSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.RecallSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/ParticlesEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.ParticlesEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/DisguiseManager.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.DisguiseManager
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/HasItemLessThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.HasItemLessThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ReplaceSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ReplaceSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/WitherSkullSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.WitherSkullSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/InWorldCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.InWorldCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/materials/MagicBlockRandomMaterial.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.MagicBlockRandomMaterial
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/ImpactRecordSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.ImpactRecordSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/EffectPackage.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.EffectPackage
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/HoldingPreciseCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.HoldingPreciseCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/TelekinesisSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.TelekinesisSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerSpectralArrow.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerSpectralArrow
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/ArrowSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.ArrowSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.ArrowSpell$ArrowSpellData
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.ArrowSpell$ArrowSpellHandler
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.ArrowSpell$ArrowSpellHandler$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/BiomeCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.BiomeCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/PlayersOnlineVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.PlayersOnlineVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/TeleportListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.TeleportListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/TargetedEntityFromLocationSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.TargetedEntityFromLocationSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/PlayerOnlineCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.PlayerOnlineCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/SoundPersonalEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SoundPersonalEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/RegrowSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.RegrowSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/RotateSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.RotateSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/BedCoordXVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.BedCoordXVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/KillListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.KillListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/RightClickListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.RightClickListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/materials/MagicItemMaterial.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.MagicItemMaterial
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/DisguiseManager_1_8_R3.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R3
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R3$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R3$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R3$3
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R3$4
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R3$5
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R3$PacketListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R3$PacketListener$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/AttributeBaseValueVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.AttributeBaseValueVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/SpellTypes.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.SpellTypes
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/ValueResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.ValueResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/ConjureFireworkSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ConjureFireworkSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/RandomColorHexCodeDecimalResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.RandomColorHexCodeDecimalResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/MarkSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.MarkSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/SmokeTrailEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SmokeTrailEffect
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SmokeTrailEffect$SmokeStreamEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/MoneyLessThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.MoneyLessThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/BroadcastEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.BroadcastEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/ReflectionHelper.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ReflectionHelper
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/ForcepushSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ForcepushSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/EffectLibParticlesEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.EffectLibParticlesEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/WearingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.WearingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/MagicValues.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MagicValues
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MagicValues$Enchantments
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MagicValues$Materials
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MagicValues$PotionEffect
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MagicValues$Projectile
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MagicValues$Villager
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/GlobalStringVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.GlobalStringVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OutsideCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OutsideCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OxygenEqualsCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OxygenEqualsCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerTippedArrow.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerTippedArrow
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/DisguiseManager_1_9_R1.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_9_R1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_9_R1$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_9_R1$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_9_R1$PacketListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_9_R1$PacketListener$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/UnbindSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.UnbindSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/AliveMoreThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.AliveMoreThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/LightwalkSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.LightwalkSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/CommandSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.CommandSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/FallDistanceVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.FallDistanceVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/FacingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.FacingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/ManaAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.ManaAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/ConfigReaderUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ConfigReaderUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/CastListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.CastListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/EffectLibEntityEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.EffectLibEntityEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/PrayerSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.PrayerSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/EffectLibEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.EffectLibEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/LightningEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.LightningEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/DummySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.DummySpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/ModulusOperation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.ModulusOperation
com/nisovin/magicspells/reagents/Reagent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.reagents.Reagent
com/nisovin/magicspells/Subspell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Subspell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Subspell$CastMode
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/HasItemPreciseCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.HasItemPreciseCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/MagicConversationPrefix.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MagicConversationPrefix
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/EffectPosition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.EffectPosition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/ItemBombSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ItemBombSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ItemBombSpell$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/MetaVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.MetaVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/SpellAnimation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.SpellAnimation
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/itemreader/RepairableHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.itemreader.RepairableHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/QuitListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.QuitListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/PhaseSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.PhaseSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/compat/CompatBasics.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.compat.CompatBasics
com/nisovin/magicspells/Perm.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Perm
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/cmd/ArgAllable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.cmd.ArgAllable
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OnFireCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OnFireCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/ParticleNameUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ParticleNameUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/RegexUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.RegexUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/RandomValueResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.RandomValueResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/ExperienceUtils.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.ExperienceUtils
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/wrappers/NMSItemStackWrapper.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.wrappers.NMSItemStackWrapper
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/UnderBlockCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.UnderBlockCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/TargetedMultiSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.TargetedMultiSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.TargetedMultiSpell$Action
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.TargetedMultiSpell$DelayedSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/VolatileCodeEnabled_1_8_R3.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_8_R3
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_8_R3$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_8_R3$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_8_R3$3
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/EValueResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.EValueResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/HasItemCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.HasItemCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/TicksListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.TicksListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.TicksListener$Ticker
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/SpellLearnEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.SpellLearnEvent
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.SpellLearnEvent$LearnSource
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/AgeCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.AgeCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/TomeSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.TomeSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/MobSpawnerEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.MobSpawnerEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/PiValueResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.PiValueResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerShulkerBullet.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerShulkerBullet
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/MaterializeSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.MaterializeSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.MaterializeSpell$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/LevelAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.LevelAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/EntityIDVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.EntityIDVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/ResourcePackListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.ResourcePackListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.ResourcePackListener$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/HasteSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.HasteSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/SpellTargetLocationEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.SpellTargetLocationEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerThrownExpBottle.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerThrownExpBottle
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/HealSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.HealSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/CoordZVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.CoordZVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/MaximumOperation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.MaximumOperation
com/nisovin/magicspells/DebugHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.DebugHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/SpawnTntSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SpawnTntSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SpawnTntSpell$TntInfo
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/CastAtMarkSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.CastAtMarkSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/RightClickItemListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.RightClickItemListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/HoldRightSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.HoldRightSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.HoldRightSpell$CastData
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/BlockPlaceListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.BlockPlaceListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/MoneyHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.MoneyHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/WearingInSlotCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.WearingInSlotCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/ParticleLineEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.ParticleLineEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/LeftClickBlockTypeListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.LeftClickBlockTypeListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/wrappers/CraftItemStackWrapper.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.wrappers.CraftItemStackWrapper
com/nisovin/magicspells/Spell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Spell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Spell$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Spell$DelayedSpellCast
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Spell$DelayedSpellCastWithBar
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Spell$PostCastAction
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Spell$SpellCastResult
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Spell$SpellCastState
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Spell$ValidTargetChecker
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/DotSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DotSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DotSpell$Dot
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/itemreader/BannerHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.itemreader.BannerHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/Variable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.Variable
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/VariableStringEqualsCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.VariableStringEqualsCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/GiveDamageListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.GiveDamageListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/bounds/SpaceCombined.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.bounds.SpaceCombined
com/nisovin/magicspells/zones/NoMagicZone.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.zones.NoMagicZone
 com.nisovin.magicspells.zones.NoMagicZone$ZoneCheckResult
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/CustomNameVisibleCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.CustomNameVisibleCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/SeeHealthSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.SeeHealthSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.SeeHealthSpell$AttackListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.SeeHealthSpell$Updater
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/HoldingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.HoldingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/PitchBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.PitchBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/MagicSpellsGenericPlayerEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.MagicSpellsGenericPlayerEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/DataSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DataSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/Modifier.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.Modifier
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/FreezeSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.FreezeSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/materials/MagicUnknownAnyDataMaterial.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.MagicUnknownAnyDataMaterial
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/SpawnMonsterSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SpawnMonsterSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SpawnMonsterSpell$AttackMonitor
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SpawnMonsterSpell$Targeter
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/BuffSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.BuffSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.BuffSpell$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.BuffSpell$ChangeWorldListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.BuffSpell$DamageListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.BuffSpell$DeathListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.BuffSpell$QuitListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.BuffSpell$SpellCastListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.BuffSpell$TeleportListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/MagicSpellsPlayerInteractEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.MagicSpellsPlayerInteractEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/ElevationAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.ElevationAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/WallSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.WallSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.WallSpell$BreakListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/PotionEffectCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.PotionEffectCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/TemporaryBlockSet.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.TemporaryBlockSet
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.TemporaryBlockSet$BlockSetRemovalCallback
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerLlamaSpit.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerLlamaSpit
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/command/BindSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.command.BindSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/Operation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.Operation
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/TimeCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.TimeCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/TargetListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.TargetListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/InvulnerabilitySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.InvulnerabilitySpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/SpellDamageSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.SpellDamageSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/OffhandSwapListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.OffhandSwapListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/compat/DummyExemptionAssistant.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.compat.DummyExemptionAssistant
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/InNoMagicZoneCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.InNoMagicZoneCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/ClaritySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.ClaritySpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/StealthSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.StealthSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/PassiveListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.PassiveListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/SneakingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.SneakingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/caster/LivingEntityCaster.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.caster.LivingEntityCaster
com/nisovin/magicspells/MagicSpellListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.MagicSpellListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/SpellTargetListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.SpellTargetListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/StormCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.StormCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/FishListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.FishListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/MagicSpellsExplosionPrimeEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.MagicSpellsExplosionPrimeEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerArrow.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerArrow
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/TotemSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.TotemSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.TotemSpell$PulserTicker
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.TotemSpell$Totem
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/MagicSpellsEntityRegainHealthEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.MagicSpellsEntityRegainHealthEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/GillsSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.GillsSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/MinionSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.MinionSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OnTeamCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OnTeamCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/RoofCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.RoofCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/SheepShearListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.SheepShearListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/SleepTicksVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.SleepTicksVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/DummySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DummySpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/EntitySelectSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.EntitySelectSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/VariableCompareCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.VariableCompareCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/VelocitySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.VelocitySpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/VelocityZVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.VelocityZVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/NovaEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.NovaEffect
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.NovaEffect$NovaAnimationCircle
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.NovaEffect$NovaAnimationSquare
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/RitualSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.RitualSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.RitualSpell$ActiveRitual
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/AreaEffectSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.AreaEffectSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/MagnetSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.MagnetSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/OffhandCooldownSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.OffhandCooldownSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.OffhandCooldownSpell$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OpenSlotsLessThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OpenSlotsLessThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/PlayerCountAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.PlayerCountAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/SpellTargetedListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.SpellTargetedListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/CrippleSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.CrippleSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/VariableType.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.VariableType
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.VariableType$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.VariableType$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.VariableType$3
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.VariableType$4
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.VariableType$5
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.VariableType$6
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/VolatileCodeEffectLib.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEffectLib
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/RepairSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.RepairSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/SwitchSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SwitchSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SwitchSpell$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/CleanseSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.CleanseSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/reagents/ReagentList.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.reagents.ReagentList
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/PassiveManager.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.PassiveManager
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/DisguiseSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DisguiseSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DisguiseSpell$CastListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DisguiseSpell$DamageListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DisguiseSpell$Disguise
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DisguiseSpell$PlayerDisguiseData
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/SpellTagCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.SpellTagCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/SmokeSwirlEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SmokeSwirlEffect
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SmokeSwirlEffect$Animator
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/SpellUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.SpellUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/FoodSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.FoodSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/SpellForgetEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.SpellForgetEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/TargetMaxHealthLessThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.TargetMaxHealthLessThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/ChanceCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.ChanceCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/ShootListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.ShootListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/V1_11EntityTypeHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.V1_11EntityTypeHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/VariableMod.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.VariableMod
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.VariableMod$Operation
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.VariableMod$VariableOwner
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/SpellHasteSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.SpellHasteSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/FlySpeedVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.FlySpeedVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/PlayerStringVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.PlayerStringVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/MaxHealthVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.MaxHealthVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/RightClickEntityListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.RightClickEntityListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/AbstractWorldGuardCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.AbstractWorldGuardCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/OnGroundCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.OnGroundCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/TimeUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.TimeUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/VariableLessThanCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.VariableLessThanCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/ParticleCloudEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.ParticleCloudEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/NoDamageTicksVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.NoDamageTicksVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/UnconjureSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.UnconjureSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/Condition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.Condition
com/nisovin/magicspells/materials/MagicMaterial.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.MagicMaterial
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/CustomNameCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.CustomNameCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/itemreader/alternative/SpigotReader.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.itemreader.alternative.SpigotReader
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/MaximumAirVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.MaximumAirVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/Util.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.Util
com/nisovin/magicspells/CastCommand.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.CastCommand
com/nisovin/magicspells/mana/ManaBar.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.mana.ManaBar
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/ParticleProjectileSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ParticleProjectileSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.ParticleProjectileSpell$ProjectileTracker
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/TargetingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.TargetingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/WalkSpeedVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.WalkSpeedVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/SpellApplyDamageEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.SpellApplyDamageEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/PurgeSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.PurgeSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/VolleySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.VolleySpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.VolleySpell$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.VolleySpell$ArrowShooter
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/ElevationBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.ElevationBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/DropItemListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.DropItemListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/events/SpellEvent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.events.SpellEvent
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/VariableManager.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.VariableManager
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.VariableManager$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.VariableManager$2
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/PermissionCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.PermissionCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/VolatileCodeEnabled_1_9_R2.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_9_R2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_9_R2$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/CombustSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.CombustSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.CombustSpell$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.CombustSpell$CombustData
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/HomingArrowSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.HomingArrowSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.HomingArrowSpell$HomingArrow
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.HomingArrowSpell$HomingArrowMonitor
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/BlockBeamSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.BlockBeamSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/PlayerVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.PlayerVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/NullOperation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.NullOperation
com/nisovin/magicspells/zones/NoMagicZoneWorldGuard.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.zones.NoMagicZoneWorldGuard
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/effectlib/ParticlesEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.effectlib.ParticlesEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/PlayerLocationXValueResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.PlayerLocationXValueResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/SafetyCheckUtils.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.SafetyCheckUtils
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/DrainlifeSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DrainlifeSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.DrainlifeSpell$DrainlifeAnim
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/SplashPotionEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SplashPotionEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/data/DataEntity.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.data.DataEntity
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/MaximumNoDamageTicksVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.MaximumNoDamageTicksVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/CarpetSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.CarpetSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.CarpetSpell$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.CarpetSpell$TouchChecker
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/MagicBondSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.MagicBondSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.MagicBondSpell$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.MagicBondSpell$SpellMonitor
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/VelocityYVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.VelocityYVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/SpecialVariables.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.SpecialVariables
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/TargetBooleanState.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.TargetBooleanState
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.TargetBooleanState$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.TargetBooleanState$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.TargetBooleanState$3
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/prompt/ConversationContextUtil.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.prompt.ConversationContextUtil
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/LeapSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.LeapSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/LookingAtBlockCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.LookingAtBlockCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/ModifyCooldownSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.ModifyCooldownSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/EffectLibLineEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.EffectLibLineEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/SmokeEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.SmokeEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/EnderchestSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.EnderchestSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/materials/MagicUnknownMaterial.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.MagicUnknownMaterial
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/BowSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.BowSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.BowSpell$BowSpellHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/MagicXpHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.MagicXpHandler
 com.nisovin.magicspells.MagicXpHandler$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/ManaBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.ManaBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/FoodLevelValueResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.FoodLevelValueResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/Spellbook.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Spellbook
 com.nisovin.magicspells.Spellbook$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/LightLevelBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.LightLevelBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/FoodBelowCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.FoodBelowCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/projectile/ProjectileManagerSmallFireball.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.projectile.ProjectileManagerSmallFireball
com/nisovin/magicspells/variables/meta/CoordXVariable.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.variables.meta.CoordXVariable
com/nisovin/magicspells/reagents/ItemReagent.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.reagents.ItemReagent
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/instant/DowseSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.DowseSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.instant.DowseSpell$NearbyEntity
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/HasMarkCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.HasMarkCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/ConstantResolver.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.ConstantResolver
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/BooleanUtils.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.BooleanUtils
com/nisovin/magicspells/BuffManager.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.BuffManager
 com.nisovin.magicspells.BuffManager$Monitor
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/VolatileCodeEnabled_1_12_R1.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_12_R1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeEnabled_1_12_R1$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/DisguiseManager_1_8_R1.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R1$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R1$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R1$3
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R1$PacketListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.DisguiseManager_1_8_R1$PacketListener$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/TargetedEntitySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.TargetedEntitySpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/DanceCastListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.DanceCastListener
 com.nisovin.magicspells.DanceCastListener$DanceCastDuration
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/cmd/ArgPlayerUuid.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.cmd.ArgPlayerUuid
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/WorldGuardBooleanFlagCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.WorldGuardBooleanFlagCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/EmpowerSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.EmpowerSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/PasteSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.PasteSpell
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.PasteSpell$Builder
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.PasteSpell$Builder$1
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/VariableEqualsCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.VariableEqualsCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/Expression.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.Expression
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.Expression$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.Expression$OperationType
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.Expression$UnparameterizedValueResolverType
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/SprintingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.SprintingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/HandHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.HandHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/buff/ResistSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.buff.ResistSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/materials/MagicBlockMaterial.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.MagicBlockMaterial
com/nisovin/magicspells/materials/MagicItemWithNameMaterial.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.materials.MagicItemWithNameMaterial
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/VolatileCodeDisabled.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeDisabled
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/RotationAboveCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.RotationAboveCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/expression/AverageOperation.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.expression.AverageOperation
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/NamePatternCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.NamePatternCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/MultiCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.MultiCondition
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.MultiCondition$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.MultiCondition$PassCondition
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.MultiCondition$PassCondition$1
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.MultiCondition$PassCondition$2
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.MultiCondition$PassCondition$3
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/SwitchHealthSpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.SwitchHealthSpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spelleffects/DragonDeathEffect.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spelleffects.DragonDeathEffect
com/nisovin/magicspells/mana/ManaRank.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.mana.ManaRank
com/nisovin/magicspells/castmodifiers/conditions/LeapingCondition.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.castmodifiers.conditions.LeapingCondition
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/itemreader/LeatherArmorHandler.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.itemreader.LeatherArmorHandler
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/targeted/FlySpell.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.targeted.FlySpell
com/nisovin/magicspells/spells/passive/FlyListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.spells.passive.FlyListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/MagicPlayerListener.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.MagicPlayerListener
com/nisovin/magicspells/volatilecode/VolatileCodeProtocolLib.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.volatilecode.VolatileCodeProtocolLib
com/nisovin/magicspells/util/TargetInfo.java
 com.nisovin.magicspells.util.TargetInfo
